update rustfmt references to reflect change from submod to subtree (#1129)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/contributing.md

tests.

> That means that, in the default state, you can't update the compiler without first

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That would mean that, in the default state, you couldn't update the compiler without first
```
I still find this sentence very confusing, but now at least it is clearly non-factual.
(I also realize this is pre-existing.)

Author: Yes! I'm so glad I'm not the only one that was confused by this. It gave me a brief scare initially because I didn't realize until I'd gotten a few paragraphs in that it was actually describing a past or hypothetical state, but using present-tense prose. Applied in ed0c82bc91a5052d92a07580778759b00c537cc6
